---
datePublished: '2017-09-15T08:30:44.016Z'
sourcePath: _posts/2016-06-15-about.md
inFeed: true
authors: []
hasPage: true
keywords: []
author: []
via: {}
dateModified: '2017-09-15T08:30:43.387Z'
title: BERLO
publisher: {}
description: Established 2003
inLanguage: null
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2017-07-26T08:30:21.024Z'
url: berlo/index.html
_type: Article

---
# BERLO

Established 2003

**[BERLO][0]** is a design consultancy and crossdomain practice dedicated to create Land and Building Inheritance Value, using artistic and architectural means and processes. Our master believe is that great projects have strong aesthetic, functional and cultural ideas clad onto a core vision, engaged by both the client and maker, and able to create life and prosperity to the inhabitants and the surrounding community. With each project we push for simplicity and harmony, all with respect for environment and site value, and like establishing relationships that can build and develop future grounds.

---

**Eugen Berlo** is generalist, and his practice is wide-ranging, from architecture, masterplanning and interiors, to furniture, signage, identities, painting and sculpture. With Bachelors in Math and Architecture from the University of Bucharest, he continued his education in Fine Arts at Fashion Institute of Technology of NYC. Prior to inception of [BERLO][0], he worked as an architect for some of the New York City's most eminent architectural firms, including Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, Dan Ionescu Architects, Peix and Marchetti Architects, Mihai Radu Architects.

**Elena Berlo** has a vast experience in residential architecture and interiors, offices, landmark building restoration, institutional projects, entertainment, retail. She worked for well established companies in NYC, like David Bae Architects, Laura Heim Architect, Linda Yowell Architect. She has Bachelors in Architecture from the University of Bucharest, and continuing education in Fine Arts at Fashion Institute of Technology of NYC.

Contact: jointventure @ berlo dot net 

Location: Bucuresti - NYC

_(c) [BERLO][0](tm) | Pixels created by [PixR2][1]_

[0]: http://www.berlo.ro/
[1]: http://pixr2.com/